This Hello days pond
Today is also the end of the year
I would like to talk about windows 8 or macbook pro
I will
or a not that many want to enter the world do not you this in quite a lot of people in the country that is suffering
I think so
I'm also seriously worried about what I can buy for Christmas
But in I'm using now windows 7
The so we pretty backlash is coming
Just a personal computer for your company
I think I would like to carry or use snacks next time
It is Truly dance to refer to the touch panel to be announced during this time windows 8
Ne
I thought it would be better to buy a fast-paced India weight
It is and that Cub's during this time youtube partner fellow
I did a training shot with Gina together
I think I'm a bring the air of the Tokima mac
Bring in the air and let me show you all sorts of software, and this is better with Mac too
Nato
Have a hair?
I'm going to go back to book pro now-this time out
windows 8 is softening
So much recently
Nde have heard say well no
Let's make it a macbook pro completely
I think the Fu say
After all various sound propaganda
I think that there are effects of advertising, but people who are very good at people who are close
I think I'm not good at using windows
I think it is not expressive
If I use windows, I already feel like I'm going to be a fossil
I just started out recently
If you use an apple
I can say that I can do creative things
It becomes such an image now
Anything completely macbook pro
I think I will buy it
How are you guys Christmas
Which one is better
I have a good Mac mac
Well, until now
i didn't have iphone life
Now my PC
It has become a Mac
Now to be able to be And editing and peony of great video it is not necessary to have a white board
I think I guess
This is actually that
It is on the screen of the video
As we can not put out letter
In the current situation
I'm using windows
With mac
It's soft on the back and it's such a great soft on windows
I can use it, but I 'm thinking of trying to make it a fuck
I think that a great tool from Dub will be sleeping from next year on Mac's list
Let's also buy Macs by all means it should be creative
Though I'm a postscript of Thank was wearing now moving thank you is more than
Speaking of mac
I have been a salesperson in the IT industry before
It called iij called Internet Initiative
It'd companies that rice tea Mecha Internet has come around favorite people
I'm so much in the Toka Internet
I and the other well-Mac Datte the person Come to think of it I'd did not like
It's heavy had been Neme wearing Center screen you do not know well you're using
Oh dear
I do not know whether it is good or not
If Ya will be buying back
Because I did not think
Maybe I too
It 's now possible to put out a mask that you don't understand why
Naa might make a good thing, such as unaccountable
We are or think
windows 8 may be good too
Apart from I not think that I want to ask to show someone I is If anyone is buying a little
I do not dislike windows but
For work
Well, when the work department does not work Kurete without a Mac
I do maybe you buy 2 units in windows when you office work a normal work
It might be
Hmm
If it's the previous video, I'm stuck pushing the mac
It also windows
With two curtain of windows with everyone two Nde I think good depending on how
I think it will be a better personality
that's all